Update documentation according to other pages (#2190)
streamr-dev/network: docs/docs/streamr-network/network-roles/operators.md

The redundancy factor sets the amount of duplicated work when running a fleet of multiple nodes. Doing redundant work protects against slashing in case some of your nodes experience failures. For example, setting this to 1 means that no duplication of work occurs (the feature is off), and setting it to 2 means that each stream assignment will be worked on by 2 nodes in your fleet.

### Owner's cut

> The Operator’s cut is the percentage taken by the Operator from all earnings. This percentage can be changed, but only while the Operator is not staked in any Sponsorships. The remainder percentage is shared among all Delegators, including the Operator's own stake wich must be at least [5% of the total delegations amount][../incentives/stream-sponsorships.md].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Operator’s cut is the percentage taken by the Operator from all earnings. This percentage can be changed, but only while the Operator is not staked in any Sponsorships. The remainder percentage is shared among all Delegators, including the Operator's own stake which must be at least [5% of the total delegated stake](../incentives/stream-sponsorships.md#minimum-operators-own-stake-5).
```

Reviewer: Thanks for your contribution! Just tweaked this a notch @Tocard - I'll merge closer to Testnet 2 since there's some other changes coming down the pipe shortly.
